Yeah, this is entertainment everybody from Hollywood, California, Meltdown Comics, Harmontown is now in session.
Let's welcome Spencer Crittenden into the stage, shall we?
And the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon!
There's kind of a shower effect when you're in your car and you're like, I'm a BG!
Let's go back about elite class. Harmonize! Harmonize!
The show already dedicated to Glenn Fry.
We prededicate that one to Eagles singer and guitar player Glenn Fry.
Why do I always, I guess it's stage fright, I always need the, is the microphone too far forward?
I thought you guys liked it back a little bit.
Is director Chris Peruff back there?
Good for camera!
It's good for camera if it's back a little bit.
Yeah, we don't care about you guys.
We just want to milk your laughs, your presence.
This feels better because this feels like the way it's always been.
Yeah, colloquially backstage with the crew, we call you the aphids.
It's a reference to those ants that milk, they milk aphids.
I thought we called them the day sleepers.
The day sleepers? Wait, they're the vampires?
No, no, they're just, they're just lazy.
So there was a, remember we talked in Miami, I think, before the guy got punched in the face.
We were talking a little bit about, it's not because of the, the transgender, I still don't know if you call it a movement.
I think that sounds a little weird, it sounds like, because it's whatever, the transgender thing that's happening,
our new found awareness of it, it has raised this very interesting question that's just sort of on a fundamental level about bathroom dichotomy.
Like what are we doing? What have we been doing?
I think a very well-intended thing in the past, in the days of a long ago when bathrooms were just maybe like bushes or caves,
like maybe there probably was a great progressive thought behind like, oh, ladies go over there and the fellas go over there.
But it's not as complicated as just tearing down that wall because men are pigs and sometimes women too.
Like there's different, there are just differences, there's different things that happen in men's rooms and women's rooms.
The big thing that you brought up.
I gotta say, I was wrong about that. I looked it up way off.
What?
I said, I told you, I said on this very stage to millions of unsuspecting people that single-user stalls end up screwing women over,
but it turns out single-user stalls are the best way to push out and equalize wait times,
and wait times are truly the commodity of the bathroom.
Okay, well I can't.
I'm sorry, hang on, Dan. I remember, I just listened to that Miami episode today.
You're saying, what you said the last, that time was that women take longer biologically and that's why, that's.
Yes, which is true.
It is true.
But to that end, that has only affected non-single-user genderless bathrooms.
That's only affected the current bathroom paradigm.
Well, let me cut, let me, let me.
You guys, you gotta look up potty parity.
Let me, let me, let me cut to my chase because I thought I was a genius getting out of the shower today.
You still are.
I took a shower today.
Well, actually, I wasn't a genius. I ripped this off. Somebody on Twitter said this, and they mentioned your name because they said,
the discussion you guys were having, and they said, do, do have multiple bathrooms, but, but make them like long and short.
In terms of like the time you're going to take.
Right.
You're going to make a number one or a number two kind of, or, or are you, are you making a number two and or female?
You know, women don't want to be lumped in with shitting men.
But I was, I was like, like, if you, if you, if you look at it more like, like, like lanes on a freeway.
Okay.
There's, there's separation on the freeway that when people don't observe it, shit gets fucked up and you get mad at them because they
don't know how to drive right. You know, what if we had like two or even three bathrooms at the places, the bigger the place,
add more lanes.
It's like fast lane, passing lane, you know, like, I just have to fucking, I'm not even going to wash my hands.
Wait, Dan, are you, I'm going to piss my pants.
I just need a place to do it while I check my texts.
Well, we'll get back to you not washing your hands.
No, no, no, I always wash my hands.
I was making a joke.
Okay.
Are you saying the lane choice is on the door out front of the bathroom?
Yeah, it's like, it's like, it's like slow and fast.
Like, are you going to take a long time?
Go in here.
You see if you poop.
And so I know, and then I was tumbling off and I was like, oh, that won't work because in a crowded situation, then people that are
backed up in the slow lane, they're going to start going into the fast lane.
But no, there will be shame involved in that.
And the only, just as on the freeway, because you like, you'll go in and you'll, you'll, you'll, there will be a line
forming outside the fast toilet, which shouldn't be happening.
And you'll be a piece of shit when you come out.
And the song, the song that will play when you leave there, I mean, don't poop in the fast lane.
I'd say,
Sure, brought you by Glenn Fry, everybody.
And then there will be arguments.
People like a guy will come out and everyone will start booing him and he'll go, I'm a fast shooter.
And I said, no, you're not.
What, what, what, what is the cutoff point for what is fast and what is slow?
Well, that's, I mean,
There should be a big red digital clock right in the door with like a spring loaded toilet.
Freeways.
There's a speed limit.
You get ejected out of the door.
You get a fine as a speed limit.
Right.
Which, what's the cutoff for freeways?
Why, why, when do you get to go in the fast lane?
A cop won't answer that question because he can't technically tell you to speed.
But the truth is, if you're trying to get to work really fast, you're supposed to go around people.
It's called the fast lane. If we all went 55, there wouldn't be a fucking fast lane.
It's called the fast lane.
But there's a limit to the speed in that lane.
And so everyone's, when everyone's driving 35 on the freeway, that's when the city, that's why they built that lane.
It's for the days when everyone's just feeling leisurely.
And driving under the speed limit.
And you want to go 55 and a half miles an hour.
So that's what this lane is for.
No, it's for going 70.
And there could be a 55 of shitting.
I gotcha.
And then there couldn't be a Sammy Hagar of shitting.
Who would be like, fuck you!
Don't tell me what to do!
I like to read a book when I do it!
I check my tweets, I get on Facebook too!
I can't shit!
In less than an hour!
And there's like a judge, like with her horned rain glasses, she takes them off and starts dancing.
Fuck that!
She's like, I like this guy.
He fucking shits like a fucking molasses.
Can you draw me up like on a grid D&D pathfinder map of what you would like?
You go to an airport and you go to an airport.
You have to relieve yourself.
You come across how many doors, and what do those doors say?
Or have you got that far?
They say, when I was getting out of the shower, it was long and short.
Not number two and number one.
But there are other factors, but let's get to those factors.
As Spencer says, the big key issue first of all is wait time.
That's the tyranny of bathrooms.
So solve that and then we can get into, maybe we start to devolve a whole fucking culture.
About peeing and washing your hands and pooping and lighting matches.
Oh my god, can you imagine? Of all of this emphasis we put on consideration.
We didn't then undercut by going in the bathroom and wailing all over the walls
because we think everyone else is secretly a racist animal.
And we hate them and we don't want to touch the same toilet seat as them.
And we're electing a fascist and we're like, oh, don't forget to keep your elbows off the table.
We're a fucking liar.
Let's look where we shit.
We should make it fucking scientific.
You should feel like a clone when you poop.
Don't you feel like a naughty clone?
Like who's scientists are mad at them and testing them.
You should fucking like, it's a sanitary business.
How do you think babies feel when they shit?
They can't do anything about it.
They're like, oh shit, I fucked up.
But you know, there should be luxury, there should be talcum,
there should be love and squeezing and motorboats.
What? I don't know.
Razzleberries?
Okay, you can't motorboat a baby.
Babies ain't got no titties.
Dear penthouse.
I never thought I'd be reading one of these letters.
I work at a large home depot.
I said it, home depot.
I work at home depot.
And in walked this woman with a baby that wouldn't quit.
I knew I had to motorboat it.
All right, so it's time for a new segment.
This is called paragraphs that I,
sentences I pull from newspaper articles
and read out of context because it's funny.
I think Jay Leno does this.
Sometimes when you read news,
you get to a sentence that makes you realize
you're 43 in a world being taken over by children
that don't know how to put a thought together.
Okay, just a little article about Ben Carson losing his,
he's always been a conservative fellow,
but he was also like a hometown hero to a lot of his own,
I don't know, personal kind of like,
I can't remember where he's from and what he,
but he was like, you know, he did good stuff.
He's from Nappy Town.
He's from Nappy Town?
Sleepy Town.
He always looks like he's going to take a little nap.
He always looks like he just had a turkey sandwich
and a glass of warm milk.
Well, here's it.
This is me after, if I did nine yoga classes,
that's how alert he looks.
This is out of a Washington Post article about Ben Carson.
And it did, the headline did involve his blackness,
but I still think this is a weird sentence.
Carson has been a black icon since 1987
when he became the first person to successfully separate twins
conjoined at the backs of their heads.
While being black.
Black people loved that shit.
You know that stereotype of the black lady in the operating room?
Look at those babies disconnected.
Ma'am.
We're going to have to ask you to stop yelling out during your surgery.
I meant to say Sleepy Town at first.
I said Nappy Town and people thought I meant Nappy like Nappy Hair.
Oh God.
I'm proud to say you just put that in my head.
I'm very proud of myself.
This millennial crowd knew exactly what I'm saying right now.
They heard that.
Who knows with them?
If it didn't trip my wires, I mean that's the thing.
This is going to be a theme tonight because we're going to have a fellow up here
that we've never met before on the show.
You and I have met him, but we're going to be talking about
the realm of the uncomfortably surface sea and how deep it goes.
We have Dr. Ben Carson here tonight.
One of the themes that I'd like to talk about is the sometimes damaging thing.
I don't know if I'm stealing this from somebody clever that actually coined it.
I think it's a really apt.
I read it somewhere, heard it somewhere.
A penny saved is a penny earned.
The modern code of, I don't know what to call it, political correctness
that has all these negative connotations.
If you could come up with a golden rule of social etiquette,
political cultural etiquette, the rule has become whoever smelt it dealt it.
In other words, if you keep your mouth shut,
you stand tactically the highest percentage chance of not being offensive,
which is I think a very dangerous thing because as we can see in our culture,
you kind of want the idiots talking as loudly as possible.
It's better than them slinking around in the shadows and then popping up all of a sudden.
And becoming the front-runner for one of our two political parties.
Yeah, I would like if that guy, well, he is a fucking like, yeah, what should we have done,
given him a reality show?
We already did!
We gave him 30 reality shows.
He was good at all of them.
He's definitely a fucking anomaly.
He himself is a, like, he should be...
There's a lot of reasons to not like Donald Trump.
Here's one of my top 30.
He says very too much.
You know, I think the Mexicans are very, very, you know, I think they're very good people,
but they're very corrupt and our economy is very, very good.
But people very like me.
They very, very, very like me.
I say, are you like a kid trying to air out your 10,000-word book report
by adding more varies and really is into it?
They had an article that was like the 76 campaign promises
that we've been able to, you know, glean from what he's said so far.
It's really, it's very, very terrifying.
It's really, really, really terrifying.
We need a very, very big wall and then I'm going to bomb ISIS
and I'm going to do it by having very, very good generals.
Yes, yes.
And they're going to make really good bombs, the best ever.
Like he sounds like a six-year-old.
These bombs, these bombs are going to be so good,
your head's going to spin.
I mean, they'll be blown off.
Your head's going to be blown off but as they're flying off of your body
your head's going to spin and how good these bombs are.
Yeah.
And I want to clarify something.
I just heard myself say something that might have been offensive to six-year-olds
because I...
It's too late.
You've been coming down on six-year-olds for fucking too long.
I don't want six-year-olds to listen to this podcast.
They shouldn't yet.
But I really mean this.
I like most of them and he's like a shitty six-year-old.
I just wanted to clarify that.
He's like a six-year-old that you go to a family on Christmas
and he's the one little cousin that's like,
you're playing some game and everybody's like,
this is so cool, we made up this game.
And then he's always the one that's like,
if you're playing, let's shoot missiles with these G.I. Joe things.
He's like, now I'm shooting a missile that blows up every plane in the whole room
no matter where you try to hide.
Infinity.
You can't just say that.
You just said something, loser.
I think there's a conflict of interest.
Why are you even moderating this G.I. Joe?
There's a word for that and it's a word that applies I think for almost all of them
with maybe one or two exceptions.
It's petulance and the political discourse is
petulant children level of fucking discourse.
They're all 70 and they're all like calling each other old
and they're all talking about 9-11 like it's their friend
and they're all pieces of shit and they're all born rich
and they can all take a fuck fly.
I don't know what I was trying to do in the middle of that.
I know the phrase flying fuck.
I was like, you know what, Harmon, you can beat that.
They could take a first class flight fuck
and fucking mint jet blue mint.
Jet blue mint.
We flew fucking first class jet blue which is nice.
You sit in these little egg pods and it seems really groovy
and then I went down into the like the recline mode
but you can't just rock your seat back.
You can't just go like lean back.
The whole thing has to go brrrrr
and your legs come out into this like this whole long bed frame kind of thing
but at one point it was very clear to me
that my legs were not going to get any farther than the wall in front
and now I'm being like Star Wars trash compactor seats.
Free B.O.
Wreck and E.B.
I'm so distracted.
Jeff Fort.
I can't.
This is the perfect time to bring out our guests.
Right at the height of you complaining about your leg room.
Everybody.
It was the worst time.
It was the worst time then.
This is the worst time to do that.
Our first, the current phrase is a little person.
He's an actor.
We met him in New York.
Colin Buckingham is here.
Let's bring him out.
Awkward.
Yeah.
There you go.
Sweet.
That worked perfectly.
What's up Colin?
How you doing?
We met at the CISO launching, right?
Yeah, yeah.
How you been?
Doing well.
How you doing?
Great.
Do you live out here?
No, I live in New York City.
What do you think about Jeff's leg room complaints?
I mean, he gets crunched in the first class again.
The fuck you put in this?
Fucking.
Do you try to ambush me with Colin?
Your piece of shit.
This is Dan.
I'm ashamed of him noticing things
that are different about other people.
It's just funny.
In his defense, though,
when I was doing the reclining thing,
it didn't, like, I almost slid down into the...
I'm trying to think, like,
they had to be designed for this really median,
like, height person.
Like, 5'8", maybe, was the perfect sweet spot.
Can I put in a thing about that?
I did have a lot of leg room, though.
This is it.
The...
I'm fat, and that's not easy either.
The JetBlue first class, I'll go too.
As far as how you're treated as a human being,
like, so far, they're new to first class
for terrible reasons because the airlines are cartels.
Don't get me started.
I'm sorry, the airlines are a cartel.
That's the important thing about a cartel.
It's not plural.
Otherwise, it would be fucking amazing.
It would be capitalism.
The only thing...
It's the reclining thing for me, too, for a different reason.
The tray table.
It doesn't move forward.
For me, the tray table never comes close enough to me.
They ask you to make a choice.
I mean, where's my...
I have to reach all the way over there for my food?
Well, no wonder you're so thin.
No, no, you're making...
Yeah, exactly.
Food's always all over me.
I have to eat it.
Just to stay clean.
I'm like, I can't.
I'm like...
I can't.
And then I get fat.
It's...
I don't know if you know how hard it can be to be fat.
I don't, I'm sorry.
Colin, Dan was born six foot two and fat.
They ask you to make a choice on that airline between sleep mode and just sitting up and hanging out.
Yeah, and electric chair.
Like upright.
But what you can't do is a setting that is, you know, it's just like, I'm sleepy, but I'm playing Minecraft.
And I'm going to nod off while I'm digging for some minerals.
And I'm going to wake up and go, whoa, whoa, whoa.
And then I'm like, oh, well placed torches, I'm fine.
And then the guy next to me is going to be like, what's he doing?
He's like a child.
Like, yeah, why don't you watch Avatar a third time?
Just because I win an Oscar doesn't make it for throwing us.
How long was that flight? Were you flying from Dubai?
No, I don't mean, he watched it third time on the flight.
Yeah, I'm flying.
I'm Amelia Earhart.
I only fly.
All right.
Anyways, welcome, Colin.
I'm sorry about the way you were brought out.
I'm sorry about the way you've been treated since.
Do you like the stool?
Is it like, are you doing a bit by using it?
No, it made it a lot less awkward.
I think Spencer deserves a little Boy Scout badge for that.
Oh, you guys haven't met?
How's it going?
Spencer wasn't the only one that thought about that.
Because that's something that's like, oh, it's progress.
Just put it out of your mind.
Don't think about anything.
Don't think about it of a person that's a guest of yours
that might have a need or something.
Spencer thinks about it.
I mean, I didn't think about it.
We had Steve Silberman on.
And he's, I mean, he might not be offended by me saying he's a bit rotund.
And he had a lot of trouble getting on.
And so I was like, I don't know, man.
These are crazy stools.
And also, these stools are built for one butt cheek.
If you're a larger person, we needed a little more
comodious accommodation.
All right.
Let's start our little person questions with the big one.
The big one.
Who are you voting for?
I want to talk about the phrase little people.
You already gave me a hint.
Yeah.
Well, as we talked about a little bit,
that it changed in the past 30 years from Mijit to Dwarf to little person.
And it's like going in a direction of trying to say,
like, hey, people that are shorter are still people.
But I think when you say someone is a little person,
it's different than saying someone has dwarfism or something, you know?
Right.
That a person with it, yeah.
Yeah, because it's like you're making that their identity.
Yeah.
You know, you're saying like that person is a dwarf.
Like that is all encompassing of his personality or her personality
or that kind of thing and like how they define themselves as.
I always play ball with this stuff because, well, I mean, it's honestly,
I'm just a chicken shit socially.
So I would never like, I would never deliberately,
I say shit all the time, it makes people upset.
Yeah.
And it's never like because I'm like, oh, I hope people get really upset.
No.
It's just because I'm like, oh, the only chance I have of making people
like me is to like talk.
That's it.
And I know it's like, it's like, it's like if you were Indiana Jones
and you just like, you see the poison dart shooters and you're just,
and it's like a mile and you're just like, fuck it.
Like I'm not going to, like I'll get hit with a couple
and then like I'll try to find an antidote.
Maybe or I just like, maybe, maybe there's a, maybe just keep running
and it's just like the darts are hitting everybody.
Yeah.
And then I get to the front and there's the idol and I have a bag of sand.
I'm like, I'm not going to weigh it now.
I got fucking darts all over me.
The darts aren't supposed to come out until, shut up.
What did you, what did you design this place?
Why didn't you turn it off so I could get the idol?
The, please rent Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark.
I could say, that's a great film.
God damn it, the, so when I, I don't remember where I was
or what year it was when the little person thing got floated.
It was like, and I was like, okay, but it was the same,
it was like the phrase African American I've always said is like,
it really rubs me, like it's not my job to be rubbed the right way
or the wrong way, that's the thing.
And then I just go like, okay, if that's what we're saying,
but I think that's fucking weird because you're saying that you're,
in that case, it's like the thing that I think is weird about it is that,
and I know that what they're doing is they're adding syllables
and I do understand the, because it's like,
it's about dehumanization, like any phrase that you can use
to like make someone sound like not a someone.
Yeah, if you say someone has, who has autism, you say,
yeah, he's an autistic, like that sounds right.
All of a sudden it's offensive.
Yeah, then I sound like an asshole.
Yeah, but if you say he is autistic, it's like, it's a little,
especially, do you think that, is there something new on the horizon
that might like, that, that term will evolve?
I've been workshopping a couple that I'd like to run by you,
and can I tell them that I got the all clear?
No, that's a terrible desk piece that would be.
Um, but I don't, I don't, I mean, for me, like,
I think in my ideal world, it would be if someone was describing
how I looked and like, to someone, it would be he has dwarfism,
or he has achondroplasia, but achondroplasia is a five-syllable word,
and we don't like saying more than three usually,
so, you know, that's, that's not very likely.
Um, yeah, I mean, you definitely need,
but what someone says, like, little prison,
is that, is that something that kind of like, like, automatically?
No, it doesn't offend me at all, it's just, I don't,
it's just not how I, it's like, it doesn't enter my conscience.
It's like that painting of a ship in your bathroom,
that every time you pee, you're like,
wow, one of these days.
Yeah. It's not ruining the house, but why,
I'm not even into ships.
Who bought this?
Yeah, I mean, it's just like, like I was saying before,
it's not like a, it's not that much of a prevalent part of my identity,
where, you know, it's, it's like, not something I go out into the world thinking
until it's the terms used, and I'm like, oh, right, yeah.
And, um, but, I mean, that being said, I don't mean to,
I mean, because other people love the term little person,
that have dwarfism, other people are like, yes,
because it means it's the whole organization,
little people of American, they do, you know, amazing things,
they have scholarships, they, because it's like,
when a baby has a disability, sometimes their parents will give it up for adoption,
and they like, do an adoption coordination for people with dwarfism,
that kind of thing. So, by saying, I'm not a fan of that,
it's just me saying that like, as someone who was in middle school,
when the term was changed from dwarf to little person,
and I was just kind of supposed to be like, okay.
Right.
That's what I am now.
Right out to the playground with all these Winston Churchill's,
these fucking, these professional diplomats in the making,
they're real good at handling this kind of thing.
Well, I mean, it's just I didn't get a choice in like how,
it's just like that's what I am now.
Did you go to like a public school or private school?
Yeah, I was in a public middle school.
I was actually also the only white kid in my middle school, so that was,
that was kind of like a huge thing.
You fucking, you doubled down.
And I was the only guy with long curly hair,
played the violin and loved Pokemon and had Pokemon t-shirts.
So I was just like, yeah.
Making front of you was like a fucking.
Yeah.
They could have just picked violin.
That would have been enough.
There was like a plethora of things.
You should have also just put a fake unicorn horn.
I just fucked up like 6,000 black kids.
Like who just would go out into the world and go,
I swear though, I swear.
I'm not racist.
And I'm also, I'm not, I don't believe in magic, but God damn it.
I guess that's not a joke.
You can even propose in the post internet era.
I was like, I was probably one of,
people think I'm exaggerating when I say this,
but I have photos of my eighth grade graduation,
like where it's like comically and delightfully evident.
I was like one of like, I would say in a 2,000 kid junior high,
I was probably, I think like one of 20 white kids.
There was a thing in Milwaukee,
which is like NPR just talked about being one of the most segregated cities in the country.
There's just this effort to like,
try to desegregate in both directions.
So they had a computer specialty program.
They had two Apple IIEs in the basement of an inner city middle school,
so that I would come in and learn to program in basic,
in the basement of this place.
And this very naive, but well-intended attempt to like,
something's wrong and we got to take a proactive step.
But what I noticed from that experience is that, as I've said before,
black people are not racist, white people are,
because I then went to a high school where it was flipped and it was like,
we were fucking horrible.
And I was like, I never got beat up for being white.
I never got, I never got, like, there was never any jokes.
There was never any dehumanization at all.
It was never, nobody like made me, nobody like wanted to party with me.
Like, I was a nerd, but I was, I did not, I was not like,
I did not feel fucking inhibited or anything like that.
This was a fucking...
Where was your school gone?
What part of the country?
It was in Southern Maryland, like near D.C. area.
Was it, was it like, was it rough?
Was it fun for you or bad?
It wasn't fun.
I mean, the, you know, the aforementioned Pokemon and violin kind of,
I saw to that, but it was, I mean, like,
when you're saying you didn't get bullied for being white,
bullied for being white, like, I never got really bullied,
but I did get, like, kids would accuse me of, like,
getting favoritism or something.
Right.
Because, you know, like, the teacher was white and I was white,
and then there was, you know, like, I would do my work sometimes,
and then, like, other kids would do their work too,
but then, like, they, I don't know, it was,
but, I mean, that's not, I realize that sounds like the most elitist thing to say,
like, I was accused of favoritism for being white.
No, I mean, that's...
Do you think it actually could have been maybe some even tiny way white privilege
or no?
Like, that was just...
I mean, if the teacher was white for sure...
I didn't know enough about it and my memories of that time are...
Because that would be amazing if that's how strong white privilege runs.
I mean, it may well be, I don't know.
It does, it does.
White people are fucking racist.
That's what we're good at.
Like, we're really good at it.
We're naturally, we have a gift for racism.
I know, it's like, like, I don't, I make that joke all the time,
but it's like, I don't think it's genetic,
but I think it's fucking really, really strong, the momentum,
because I have been in...
I've observed these situations in a pre-internet world,
so now there's a whole new generation,
but at this moment, there's...
You know that this shit, that toxic, like, still has tendrils,
even though we're now all talking to each other and sharing stories
and everything's very verbose,
but like, in my growing up,
I saw every kind of configuration you could see,
and I remember noticing, I was like,
that guy is being really mean to that guy.
Like, this person has all the power and their...
And the reverse of it, like, I had in that school,
I mentioned, like, all of my teachers were black,
and I felt the reverse, like, thing,
and I was like, good, like, I deserve it.
I was like that self-loathing already as a kid,
I was just like, I get it, man.
I'm surrounded by kids who are...
There's fucking like, this shitty, like, they're 12 years old
and they're writing, like, with Magic Marker,
like, they're being indoctrinated.
We all were into, like, gang culture,
like, I knew how to beat box by 11 years old
and I knew how to, like, write the right gang signs and stuff,
and it was like, if you're a teacher
and you've bothered to, like, dedicate your life
to, like, molding minds and you see that happening
on the way out the door of your school,
you're gonna get mad and you're only human, too.
So when the white kid raises his hand for every question,
you're gonna start treating him like a piece of shit.
And I was like, and being like, why don't you fucking cool it, nerd?
Like, hit the showers,
like, see if I can work some magic here.
And I was like, yeah, I get it, I get it,
I've seen enough movies about this shit.
No, I just wouldn't raise my hand.
I just, like, I just...
Also, I didn't like putting attention on myself to begin with
because, I mean, when I'd like,
some from about six through, I'd say, probably 14
when I started going to high school,
you know, it was, like, and I didn't realize this
because as a kid, you're just kind of focused on yourself,
but, I mean, everyone gets bullied and that kind of thing,
but for me, it seemed like disproportionate.
Right.
You know, because, like...
That's no pun intended.
Yeah.
Oh!
What?
If you guys can't handle that, I...
You're gonna hate what he's about to say.
Yeah.
The bullying was disproportionate.
No, but you said yourself, you said, like,
you always felt like there was favoritism,
but accusations or suspicions of favoritism,
and you said you didn't actually get bullied,
so, like...
Well, I mean, like, I was bullying, like,
not for being white, just, like, for being short.
Right.
I was, you know, because, I mean, I look different,
people don't like difference when...
There had to be jokes behind your back
and behind your back never works.
Yeah.
Yeah, no.
But, I mean, they weren't clever.
No.
They were just, like, pointing out,
like, like, literally just, like,
you're short and it's like, yeah.
Or, you know, like, it's like, your head's large, yeah.
My brain is bigger than yours.
If your brain was my size,
you wouldn't be saying that bullshit.
Now, so then that takes us to your choice
to become an actor.
Yeah.
It's stellar.
Hitch your wagon to the star that...
No, but it's like...
The one career that's based on my looks, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Do you think, like, how much of it is, like,
just a passion for acting and how much of it is, like,
man, first of all, I got calluses
all over that part of my brain, you know,
like, I can take a punch, like...
Yeah.
Or, like...
I mean, part of it's me...
I mean, I'm sure, ever since I was a kid,
I've always, like, whenever people said,
you can't do something, I've always wanted to say,
you know, well, fuck you, I'm going to.
Like, because, I mean, doctors still don't know a lot
about dwarfism, because it's a relatively recent thing,
and it's...
I just looked up the figure while I was backstage,
and there's, like, maybe even less than what I'd estimate.
There's, like, 35,000 people in the U.S.
Oh, okay.
I love that you're the one Googling,
and then I just bring you out and go,
hey, how does it feel to be small?
Google it, motherfucker!
Wait, Khan...
There's less than 35,000 people with dwarfism
in the U.S.?
Yeah, I think that was...
Yeah, you said 100,000...
Yeah, that was a very much...
I mean, even that, 100,000 seems very low.
Yeah, I mean, it's just not that problem of a thing.
It's just not that...
Because it's one in every around 40,000 births.
Really?
Yeah.
Is there any, like, looking back through history of,
like, has it been the same throughout history?
Has it gone up and down, or do we even know that?
Well, I mean, historically,
I mean, people were...
Babies were kind of killed a lot
when they had differences that were kind of like that.
And also, record keeping wasn't...
Yeah, that would be...
But actually, like, in some cultures,
like, I'm gonna be wrong,
so I'm not even gonna attempt to say which one it was.
But there's, like, paintings and stuff
where you see people with dwarfism
in very highly respected positions, like, you know,
because, like you're saying, with the whole brain thing,
like, they were thought to be more intelligent
and that kind of thing in some cultures.
Like, Spartan stuff, they would kill them.
Yeah, people that were left-handed were killed, too.
Yeah.
It didn't take a whole lot.
Yeah, why?
They're just like, look, like, are we a society
or are we an emotion workshop?
Or do we love freckles?
This guy uses...
This guy needs special scissors, I say.
Cheaper to feed the dogs.
I mean, well, that's a really fascinating thing
about humanity, too, is that we live in this, like,
first-world empire where we, I think,
among the many assumptions that we don't know we're making
is that morality, like, particularly interhuman morality,
it's not, like, genetic.
It's not born into you.
That doesn't make it not valuable.
Like, we have this, like, misconception.
It's like, the really uncomfortable truth
is that human beings are designed to survive
wherever you might happen to drop them.
And that is...
So if you are living in a society that is hateful,
you will not use the word hateful
to describe the thing that's hateful.
You'll use the word normal to describe the word hateful.
If you're a Spartan, for example,
the example I always use, because they had this, like,
really historically documented, incredibly specific society
where you got killed, apparently, for being left-handed,
it's like, the kids growing up in that world,
they weren't, like, man, this is fucked up.
I'm sure some of them were, and then they got killed
because that's worse than being left-handed.
But they weren't, like, people didn't go to bed
and, like, sweat and, like, have acid reflux
and go to a therapist and go, I can't figure it out.
And they're like, well, you're a Spartan
and you're supposed to be living in Wisconsin in 2016
where everything's very enlightened.
Oh, thanks, Doc. I'll move there right away.
The therapist was a Spartan and said,
you should have your head cut off.
And my job shouldn't exist, because this is Sparta.
And we need to acknowledge that,
not because we need to hate ourselves more,
we need to be proud of the fact that we're able to adapt to anything,
but we need to, I think we need to, like,
the illusion that we have some inborn sense of right and wrong
is dangerous as the other thing that is,
it's this illusion that if you say the right combination of words,
you can make everything better.
And that whoever smelt a Delta rule,
because now, and then we're talking,
I'm a writer and a producer talking to an actor.
And so, like, you were just telling me in the green room,
like, you were, like, obviously any,
you said you just went out for your first part
that was, like, that had nothing to do with your stature.
Well, not my first, but, like, it's been,
and part of that's due to my agent being one of,
you know, she's cool with sending me out for anything
that, you know, young 20s-ish.
The casting director.
Yeah.
Or your agent.
My agent is.
But I've been getting called in a few more times recently
for stuff that's not exclusively for a little person
or that kind of thing.
And...
When you see a breakdown, like as an actor,
it'll say all ethnicities, all shapes and sizes,
and they don't really mean that.
No, they don't mean that.
They don't fucking mean that.
Because the writer wrote it and said,
she's tall, she's nerdy, hot.
Right.
You know, and hot doesn't know it.
Submit all ethnicities.
Like, you said Blonde five times in that description.
Right.
Like, I mean, they're saying that the corporation
has to say that.
And I think they're, I was about to ask the same question
that Daniel's asked you.
Are you seeing any opening up of that gate
to them actually meaning such things when they say that?
Well, I think they're, the fact that I'm even getting
in the room now is, speaks to something,
because, you know, with the age of technology and stuff,
you can look at someone's entire thing
without ever meeting them.
Right.
And, you know, I don't pretend to know what goes on
in casting offices.
I've never been in, like, on that side.
But I feel like, you know, once you look at someone's
real and you're like, all right, they're very clearly
not what we're looking for.
It helps you narrow down.
But hopefully, yeah.
Now they can come down to essentially what the character
needs to be as opposed to what they thought the silhouette
of that person needed to be.
And I feel like as more young, well, not young writers,
but like writers that are more open-minded
and that kind of thing become in positions of power
where they can, you know, like create shows
and that kind of thing.
By the way, it'll have to be young writers,
because ironically, if you're over 50,
you're not allowed to be a writer.
Not on a staff.
Like, I've run up against that where it's like,
well, there was a lawsuit, a class action lawsuit,
about ageism and writing rooms.
I just thought it was, I just wanted to dip that in,
because the layers of irony are that like...
I didn't know that.
It will be a young writer.
It won't be an old writer.
Because when old writers are sitting at home going,
fuck the society, they fucking tell me,
like, yeah, I know why you didn't hire me.
It will start with writers, and I know this firsthand.
And it's also, like, important for me to say,
this is a 180-degree point of view.
180-degree from when I was your age.
When I was your age, I was unemployed.
I wanted to be the best writer in the world.
I wanted to save the universe with my words.
And I was also, without realizing it,
I was just, like, the voice of, like, you know,
holding things back.
Because I would get my Writers Guild magazine,
which was being printed with the money that I didn't have.
And it was like, I broke my tooth last month,
but because I didn't do a rewrite on a Beetlejuice cartoon
this month, I can't get it fixed.
And the money's going to, like, this glossy magazine,
and every month, you know, I open my mailbox
and there's always some smiling, ugly face looking at me
that's a successful writer.
There's this peanut-headed fucking, oh, that's just sweet.
Okay.
If I could, well, what'd he do that's so great?
Oh, I traded, Buffy.
Okay.
What else, though?
All right, everything.
All right, fine, fine.
Then I won't read your magazine.
What?
We're called writers.
Why are you making us read shit?
But when I would look through that, man.
Writers hate reading.
One of the bookmarks I have in my head
of the 180-degree Harmon politically as a writer
is literally throwing one of those WGA magazines
across the room because I had just looked at this
sidebar item that was called a report card
about diversity in writer's rooms or something like that.
And I saw the words and I didn't even see the content.
I just threw it.
And I was doing it.
People think that the white people that are doing that
are doing it because they're racist.
They're doing it because they're,
to derive from privilege, it's a combination of that
and fucking like underdog syndrome.
Everybody's an underdog.
So I was like, I'm the best writer in this fucking city.
And the union that represents me is spending money
and attention on competition between who can hire
more people that have different shaped hats
than who is the best writer.
And when I would say that, I would imagine a chorus
of super-talented black writers behind me going,
fucking go, man, because I don't want any fucking handouts
and I want to be known for my writing, too.
I was deluded, the difference is I had to become a showrunner.
I had to be in charge of hiring.
I had to have a stack of scripts on my desk
and be like, oh, oh, Harvard, Yale, Harvard, Yale, Harvard,
Yale, and be like, oh, there's a systemic thing
and this cycle needs to be broken at any point along the chain,
blah, blah, blah.
So the new thing now, the bleeding edge of this is like,
ugh, it's like, I just finished a script with Chris McKenna
who effectively ran community five and six with me
and was like, the reason why community is good.
We, because we're old white men who are in the twilight
of our efficacy and we want to write another good one
and do everything right from square one,
we're writing this script together
and we're having all these conversations going,
how do you, okay, is it possible to write a gender neutral character?
So far, it turns out the answer is no.
It's possible to write a transgender character.
It's possible to like leave it up to the casting director
without the script reading like toothpick instructions.
Like pronouns are fucking endemic to move in the action.
Like there's a way I all try to get more talented
but like ultimately what I ended up doing is going,
this character, when introducing the character,
this character can be any gender,
we're gonna call him a he to fucking get the script finished.
But it's a gender neutral character.
What's important is their age.
Sometimes what's important is their age.
It's important that they're in their 20s
because of the dynamic that they'll have with the person in their 40s,
depending on the situation.
We talked the entire time,
I have a point to all of this,
we talked the entire time,
these like noble minded fucking like middle aged white writers,
we're going like, how do you accomplish this, what do you do?
The thing that we kept saying,
having this like weird debate about was like,
okay there's this buffoon in the script.
It's the Michael Scott figure.
He's the guy that you love to feel bad for or slash hate,
he's got the foot in his mouth.
We would have endless conversations.
It's like, we know that can be a woman
if the actor is the right actor.
Ultimately though, as a comedian,
as a comedic writer who worships at this altar that is so much higher,
is there a craft that you're betraying,
even by 5% in the interest of like progress or anything,
should that buffoon,
is it an extra 5% funnier if he's a straight white male,
does it go down 5% for the sake of progress
if your buffoon for instance is a woman
and the answer, we very happily never came up with an answer,
so we just were like,
okay let's just keep thinking of this guy we work with
and using him as like in our heads
and like let's just make sure when we get,
if we start to get a pickup,
we got to fight this battle in casting.
We got to say, get Kristen Wiig in here
and see if she can like do this like Michael Scott character.
Yeah, you wish, asshole.
No, I make no eye contact and said you wish asshole to myself,
you thought there was an asshole.
So here's the last part of my story
that's a cautionary tale for the future,
because it's up to writers and it's fucking like,
I was on the phone because we turned in the script
and they're like, this is awesome,
let's get on the phone and talk about what actors to give this to
and I'm like holy shit, this has never happened.
Like oh my god, I can't believe we're talking about this guy
and this guy, and this guy, and this guy,
and this white guy, and this white guy,
and I didn't even, it was like 40 minutes into the conference call
and I was like looking at headshots and I was like,
this is a blizzard of talent, a very talented blizzard.
I am my cup runneth over with Rudds and...
And then I had to like,
I'm not telling this story because I'm any kind of hero in it,
I'm telling this story as a,
because I was so, I forgot,
I fucking forgot until halfway through the conversation
and then I was like, oh yeah, yeah, wait, wait.
And then I was like, you guys know, right,
have we ever had this conversation?
Like is this something that's unspoken?
Casting directors have to run their thing like a target,
they have to know where the big shirts are
and the small shirts and the dark shirts
and the checkered shirts.
They have to, if they don't know that they're,
part of their job as a casting director,
not the whole job, they're doing it wrong.
They have to be like a wholesaler of corporeal humanity.
Oh, you want a little person?
I got, I know a fucking great actor who's a little person.
You want the word little person to change?
It's out of my jurisdiction.
But the other, and the other part of their job
is curating talent and going like,
no, I'm not going to send you a little person
who's also a hack and all this shit,
and also hopefully going like, look,
you said this character can be anything.
I'm sending you the most,
the best actors I have, my favorites,
that's what good casting directors do.
They already do that.
It starts, the important thing,
it starts with the writer as much as,
the writer has to be like, if you're in TV,
they have to be like,
you're going to think of like fucking white people
from your neighborhood if you don't,
if you don't like switch.
If I'm interrupting you, do you want to keep going?
You're interrupting me and you're a hero for it.
The blue wire, the blue wire.
But like, for instance, the Obed character,
you knew a guy named Obed.
Our friend, the real Obed, who is,
is he Iraqi, Iranian?
What is Obed?
He's Arabic.
Half Arabic, half Swedish or something.
And he is, you know, on some part of the spectrum
and whatever, and you wrote this interesting character
and you said, I'm basing it on this person.
I felt like it was important, the regionality.
But Danny Pooty came in, who's Indian,
half Indian, half Polish.
But then, that's possibly a step in a direction.
I said like, because your circle of friends
stopped being white dudes from Milwaukee
and then white dudes from Los Angeles, whatever,
you started to have a bigger group of friends,
you meet Colin, you meet more women,
you meet people that like, you can start writing as a writer
and say, I'm writing this around an actual person
that you should meet.
And then, not that it needs to even be that person
at the end of the day when they cast it
and when they make the show,
you start like focusing in like on, say like,
the reason why we're doing this is not randomly
trying to be diverse.
We're writing this because I hung out at a bar with Colin
and the character doesn't have to be,
I have dwarfism.
I just think it's way funnier, like,
because I've met him when I talked to him
and there's an essential quality here.
Well, this is a lazy answer, but it's like,
if what you're doing is really specific,
as in that example, then go with God
and use that technique.
I wrote this for my small friend Colin,
I had a conversation with him and I have this vision
of this character, even though there's no mention
of it in the script, like, it's important and blah, blah, blah.
Definitely, go ahead, do that.
I'm talking about the other side of it,
is when you don't have those specific thoughts
and you are picturing either yourself
or Steve Carell,
you aren't doing anything wrong,
you're just not doing a thing
that if writers don't do it,
like, especially writer-producers,
you're doing what's very comfortable for you,
you're trying to get the script sold,
you're trying to get it made.
You should think of Steve Carell while you write it,
but you should ask yourself,
you should go through your script and go,
how many of these jokes are based on him,
like, oh, here it is,
like, they need an extra bounce card,
but then the complexion of his face,
like, reflects the sun.
Like, there is nothing, there's no bits like that,
it doesn't matter what, it doesn't,
but you should picture Steve Carell
because you're picturing this funny person
or the person with all these quirks,
but then you have to say,
like, to the casting director
and the network and the studio,
you have to go, like, we gotta put,
we gotta exercise a muscle that's, like,
not atrophied, whatever the word is,
when it's not even used.
We have to start doing crunches with this muscle
where we make sure that it's like
a cattle call and all the cows,
like, are coming in.
How often, like, how many times,
or percentage-wise, when you go in for casting,
is it specific to who you are
and what you look like,
or how often is it not?
Like, do you feel like it's honestly,
like, they're open for seeing you,
like, because they're really, you know...
It's, like, probably 70%,
it's usually because of my size,
30-ish recently.
I'm surprised it's actually 70-30,
like, I would have thought worse than that, but that's...
Yeah, I mean, like,
I mean, my type's not called for that much,
so, I mean, it's not, like...
It would be skewed if, like,
that type was called for a lot more.
Do you feel some sort of, like, movement in that direction?
Like, do you feel like it's, like,
sort of shifting into a more even?
Yeah, I think it's for everyone.
I mean, honestly, like, you know,
for people with different ethnicities,
for different genders, for, you know,
different, like, gender identities,
an actor up here that was black and had dwarfism,
what would he be like?
You fucking think you have it bad?
I mean, yeah, probably, honestly.
I've never, that whole mediocre superpowers,
the question we're always asking ourselves,
man, if I could conjure a...
And we were talking about this a little bit before,
I don't know if you remember, but, like,
how a friend of mine once told me
that I am both privileged and not privileged
at the same time,
which, to be fair, like,
when I'm walking around the streets in New York,
cops, like, smile.
They nod and, like,
they sometimes say hi,
and...
What about Chicago?
I've never been to Chicago.
I've never not wanted
a little person
black person
to be around me, but I've never wanted it
more than right now, because I'm so fat,
I want to know, like, if he would say,
like, oh, yeah, cops, like,
I have no idea, like...
I wouldn't know, and I'm not about to speculate.
Yeah.
I mean, it's just because I'm not in a position
to say, because, I mean, I would never, you know,
like... Because it could go either way.
The cops are smiling at you, because they're just, like,
God, finally a stress-free encounter
just for...
It's like, they don't think I'm capable
or would do anything.
Until the first day, you know, ISIS will,
you know, a little terrorist will...
I think...
I think I remember seeing a storyline...
Is it ISIS that you're offended for?
I always...
Sometimes I just want to check in with you guys.
I mean,
I would be offended if ISIS was trying to
capitalize on, like,
being an undiversity.
Like, they thought that was going to make them
more likable.
And that ISIS, eventually, would have more
diversity than paramount.
Oh, that would be...
Oh, my God, look at this! Did you guys see
who crashed that bus into that fucking school?
I mean, there was, like, little people...
There was a transgender...
Like, what...
And it covered...
I mean, if ISIS's only goal was
to win...
To blow our minds...
Fucking hit us where not our wallets, because,
you know, we'll bail out corporations
if they go bankrupt.
You can destroy as much shit as you want,
but hit us where we're fucking thinking
we're actually proud of ourselves.
Like, have a bunch of beautiful
post-feminist naked women, like,
just blow some shit up, and be like,
yeah, I accept my sexuality,
I have agency, and I
love ISIS.
This is my friend, the
African-American... Sorry, what?
African-Syrian
little
person. He fucking
loves ISIS, too.
Colin, for me, I'm going to answer the question
I'm going to ask you first, because if
I've never... I've always wanted to be,
as an actor, I want to be in a western,
I want to be on a horse, I want to be running
like, riding fast on a horse, and shooting a
Remington, and I want to be, like, in a western.
I love westerns. If you could be any role,
like, do you have, like,
any character or style or genre
that you'd like to be in?
Honestly, I think that
what would make
the strongest...
I mean, like, what I would want to do is probably,
like, not something that just
unroll it, honestly, just
demonstrates an aspect of my humanity.
No, I mean, like...
It could be anything in the world, yeah.
It's probably something comedic, but, like,
you know, in the way
that kind of broad cities
doing it, where it's turning
the, you know, how men treat women
on its head, and that kind of thing.
And it's pointing out how stupid
the comments that men make towards women
are, and by, like,
and there's this,
you know, the
Cyrano de Bergeric,
how he's... how someone calls him
big nose, and then he comes up with all these
more clever things that they should say.
And it would ideally be something like that,
where it's, like, turning
and one of my friends, actually,
like, because he's going through something similar,
because he was, like,
he's trying to succeed as an actor, and he's black,
and he makes
height jokes towards me, and I make black jokes towards him.
And...
We have to get DeMorge out here.
Dan just had a partial orgasm
here.
It's dehumanization palooza.
Yeah.
This DeMorge's favorite thing
will be brought out as a representative
of his race.
He loves that.
I mean, like, I mean, he'll make...
I mean, like, we can with, you know,
some jokes that, like, other people can make,
and if it's okay, I'd like to, you know, share
with, you know, like, if someone,
like he was saying, if someone could say,
grow up.
And
that one went over your head, and that kind of thing.
But
it's just, like, more
clever trends of phrases like that, that
are just not used,
because it's just easy to make the obvious jokes
and that kind of thing. But you can talk shit with your friends,
and, like, so, like, if you and I
were closer friends, like, we could,
you could, like, diss me on
what, like, anything, any flaw
in my personality or anything I did
that night. It's like, it's fun to fire
off at each other, because there's
equality in
fun, joking, you know,
trash talk. It's great.
Yeah, well, once you're familiar,
once you get bored with shit, that's
what progress is, basically.
It's like, speaking of getting bored with shit,
let's bring out DeMorge Brown!
Oh!
Hey!
Congratulations.
Hello.
Please cap those green
hands.
Shake all the hands.
Yeah, I know. That was a classy move.
Like, DeMorge is the...
No one shakes Spencer's hand.
I shake everybody's hand as they enter.
Except for yours. You just walk right on.
I want to be one of those guys that when he comes up,
I, like, shake the hands of the front row.
Like a...
I think maybe Bon Jovi did that? I don't know.
I'm a cowboy.
Hi, how are you?
I'm a steel horse. I ride... Hey, Toby
from Michigan.
I'm wanted!
Wanted!
Stephanie.
Dead or alive.
That's a great showbiz trick, though.
And politicians use it all the time, and it's taken
by the way, is the fake pointing
to people that you see in the crowd.
You're at Madison Square Garden, and there's
9,000 spotlights on you. You can't see
shit.
Because Springsteen is always like,
oh, show you!
She's giving you that.
And there's eight guys named Tony up on the fucking
mezzanine, and they're like, oh, you fucking look
like that.
I never really thought that that was fake.
Because...
Because when I...
I can't see anything.
When I see people do that, I always think,
that's unprofessional.
It's just too personal.
But I just realized, yeah, because
I'm thinking that out of some like,
you know, I'm not going to diagnose myself,
but there may be something wrong.
Dan, just do a half walk up on stage.
At this point, you can only see
what the first five wrote.
I see Dave Kline.
Dave Kline's within that lighting.
Dave Kline has his own light.
Artisanal lights.
Dave Kline is lit by his mother's
caesarean.
There's light pouring out of the
sacrifice she didn't make.
No!
Ha, ha, ha!
I think Dave Kline just
beams that his beard emanates its own
sort of...
He's like one of those plates at your
grandma's house that has Jesus on it.
It's just like, he's lit by
the anxiety you have
for being an atheist
and 11 years old.
How are you doing DeMarche?
What's new in the
DeMarche Brown world?
It's February.
I've spent a year working on other people's
projects, so I'm sort of gearing up to start
making more of those weird shorts.
I make a lot of weird, absurdist shorts
under the name Black Empowerment Network.
So it's time to make more of those.
And I think probably in February I'll shoot
like three of them, I think.
There's probably cinematic photos of you
looking like you're on some sort of 35mm
set somewhere, but it's just...
It's just me working on other people's stuff.
Psychotic park ranger.
Oh shit, is he in the Revenant?
That's a beautiful shot!
Have we ever mentioned Gumball on this show?
Like on the podcast?
Not to me at least.
If you don't know it, is it all Channel 101?
Yeah, it's all Channel 101.
For those of you who do not know, hear
or are listening, go watch all of
Gumball and watch how good Dimar just...
Well, that's it.
It's a short series that was done
I think it was 11 episodes,
although the last one is 25 minutes
longer or something.
But that was Kyle Ryder
and also Matt Freund.
And the three of us together
just sort of saying, what could we do
that's absolutely insane and
involves all of these things.
It starts off as like Bronson meets
Arsenal meets
Harold Maud.
It was an excuse for you to wear your Arsenal gear
on camera, right?
I would pitch that
to Kyle for everyone that we would shoot
every month.
Maybe he's got this jacket on.
Sometimes he'd say yes, sometimes he'd say no.
Like folding back on a question
to Colin, because it also
felt like in that Gumball series
that you guys collectively, I always imagined
we're talking about that you liked
movies like Sexy Beast
or like British indie movies
and that it was beyond
that we had grown beyond, let's make a space movie
because space movies are silly
and we'll make our own space movie
and it'll be silly. Channel 101
had evolved into like, let's actually do
what we really, really, really want.
We like the flavor of this actual
quality cinema that's being imported.
Kyle called me one day.
When Drive came out
everybody was going crazy about
Refn and
I was like, people haven't seen Valhalla Rising
they haven't seen Bronson
they haven't seen Pusher
but everybody was saying
that Drive was like the first movie
that he'd made and there were all these
Drive parodies coming out and Kyle called me
and he was like, I want to make something
I want to make it with you
but I don't want it to be
sort of referencing other things that other people have seen
I really don't want it to reference anything. We could start at a certain point and go from there.
Have you seen Bronson?
And at that time, I was watching Bronson
on YouTube with Swedish subtitles
it was in English
but I had Swedish subtitles and I was like
yeah, idiot, I've seen it.
And he goes, what if we start there
and then we just started with this thing where I was like
what about the idea of a guy
who sees Bronson and says that's my fucking life
but that guy's life, whereas
the actual Charlie Bronson
where his actual life is worth a two hour movie
what if this guy's life is worth a five minute
short
and he goes, what would you name that guy?
I would have to be something really mundane
but also
have some pop to it
and the next day I just woke up out of the sleep
and I said, what was his name? Brian Gumbel
he's just a guy who's named Brian Gumbel
and we started from there
so I shaved my head for it and grew a circus
strongman mustache
and then I said, he has to love Arsenal
and Kyle was like, yeah, whatever man
Arsenal is an English soccer team everybody
It is the English soccer team
Is it number one right now or number two?
No Leicester's on top
Leicester's on top, mate
Leicester's on fucking number one
Toss the table you can't
So Colin
I'm just pretending I don't want to attack you
Colin, just as an actor then
because your first answer was just like
oh you let him do that scene from Roxanne
where Steve Martin gets all the fucking big nose jokes
before the bullies do
but is there
just as an actor
not the action figure
but what's the scene
I'll start
because he said
you wouldn't want to be a cowboy shooting a thing
I want to be the Zuckerberg, Howard Hughes
the Steve Jobs
the guy in the
scene that's like
I
look, it's what I'm good at
I want to be the guy
that people
would love to fucking murder
and they can't
and
that lives by his merits
and that is misunderstood
I want to do those monologues
that are written by Aaron Sorkin types
where you're just
phrasing exactly
like something
that is not likable necessarily
but is just like the verbal equivalent
of the Hulk bending a car
in half and shoving it up
his own ass and then pulling it out
of his mouth the size of a ping pong ball
and throwing it away
which is like in the social
network is that moment when Zuckerberg
whatever that monologue is when he goes like
everyone in this room has one thing
everyone in this room that wants to say they invented Facebook
has one thing in common
they didn't invent Facebook
they didn't invent Sarkinny shit
so
in terms of the tone of the
fantasy of
just as an actor
the kind of monologue
what point of view the monologue might come from
that you feel like you could nail
I think something that
yeah, I think it would be the
lines of Kevin Spacey
slash Brian Cranston from
House of Cards and Breaking Bad
when they just say something
where it's just so clear that they're such
a dangerous person
but they're about to go
and make the people around them
trust them
because I mean there's still I think
something about... I can see it as being a very good
bad guy
like a strangely
horrifying bad guy in a...
yeah, but not like in like a willow way
bad guys come in all sizes
no, no
I'm just talking about
eye contact
the best bad guys aren't the ones that look
like the most
like physically violent
they're the ones that have
a sublimated
like an internal thing
well who's the guy in the wire
there's so many
thugs in the wire
that you're terrified of in different ways
no, it's the
you fall in love with him
like he fits in a fucking
like ultimately in like a spot
in your tackle watch
I can't remember his name, the guy who wins
I don't want to spoil the wire, but the guy who's
the last man standing
Marlowe
when you meet him
he never raises his voice
I don't think in the entire run of the show
he's like... it's
fucking terrifying because he's sending people out
to kill people
but you said
you used two examples
used Kevin
Spacey in House of Cards
and what's his fucking
Breaking Bad
Brian Cranston
these are both people
who need a chance
and then they're going to go out and prove
well they're going to go
you don't just want to kick ass and
intimidate
bully
well I feel like that would be too obviously trying to say
hey I can be a badass
oh hey look it's 180 degrees
look how tough he is
you want that monologue moment
Kevin Spacey
in
fully James Foley made
a mammoth play into a movie
Glen Gary Glen Ross
where he starts off as this guy who really hates
that's your path to remembering
Glen Gary Glen Ross
it's like if you said like
Gary Kurtz produced this little ditty
Star Wars
it was
something that was based
on a novella
something Death Star
Wicked comes
that's my level man
you're too fucking educated
so for me like
when I watched
Alec Baldwin in Malice
when he gives the... do I have a God
complex? I am God
I'm a doctor like that
stillness right?
that's a great bad guy because he's the hero
of his own movie and also he's pretending to be a bad guy
I like that one however
so here's Harmon Harris to split
in that movie Malice is fucking great
really rent Malice and check it out
and Alec Baldwin and Bill Pullman
did I just mix up there last time
no it's really great
as far as just like popcorn
like thriller like twisty thriller
the
it's the Bill Pullman
it's not so much a monologue but it's later
the opposite side of the story circle from that
where Bill Pullman is talking to Nicole Kidman
and she says
I'm not gonna give any spoilers but she says
what do you want that's the cue for his monologue
and the end of his monologue is like
I want half what the fuck
do you think I want
and but it's like
it's because it's the underdog thing
and I do think like Alec Baldwin
was a doctor to begin with
so he's like I'm special and he's privileged
as I mentioned earlier
I think like
the biggest problem
the thing that keeps hatred
moving culturally in this country is the fact that
Donald Trump right now somewhere
is tucking his little shitty head
into a pillow going like
today's chalk one up for the little guy
and he's like
writing a telegram home to his mom going
mom I finally got what's
what I deserve
I would fundamentally disagree with that
I don't think he has that gene in his fucking DNA
I think you're wrong
I truly think you're wrong I don't think people behave that way
I think some people behave that way
like there's a
but I don't see it in him I think that
it's actually more dangerous when
like people that have all the power
they
like I can attest to it it's like
everybody that's 50 feels
25 and everybody with all the fucking
power feels like an underdog
they this that is like
at the root of every argument you see
flare up in every comment section under every
unrelated YouTube video
it's just like some guy holding a sparkler
and the n-word is not far
the guy is not black the sparklers
not spelling I think it's like
the politics like fucking explode
underneath this thing and they're like oh these
libtards are gonna do this
what the fuck is going on guys waving a sparkler
in a circle for 15 seconds
yeah but Dan that guy was totes gay
the reason that the reason that
pot keeps stirring is because of this
like concept that everybody
it's capitalism's greatest success
is that you're never
Spielberg is going to bed somewhere tonight
going like man
if I could just have creative
control
for real or he wouldn't do
the shit he's been doing
you think even after all this time
if he was capable of going to bed
one night and going like I did it
the next thing that would happen
would be 60 of the greatest
movies shot on a shittiest
camcorder in the world they'd be fucking great
he's going to bed every night going fucking
sony god damn it next time
next time I'm gonna get a fiber optic cable
to my place in the Hamptons and I'm gonna make the dinosaurs
myself
and I want
merchandising, merchandising
because then I can funnel that into a special effects budget
the line producer's not gonna fuck me this time
and his wife is going like sweetie you're a genius
that's what everyone says
tell that to 20th
tell that to fucking 20th
I want this movie to be made
with Colin playing you during this thing
Colin playing me
Colin's playing me writing it
or Colin's playing Spielberg
or he's portraying
this monologue
and Colin can play Spielberg
I'll play your wife I'll just be going like
sweetie stop
come to bed
Spencer what monologue
what scene, what genre
what's your fantasy
if you could portray
anything
yeah I'm a real actor
at heart
when you watch a film what kind of scenes do you
I like the guy who like reveals
that he's the one like touching
all the pieces on the chess board
you know he's like you know there's all these
people and I was pulling the strings forever
you know like one of those
monologues where you instantly reveal
give us a what's a for instance
in film I mean I can't I don't watch
I've got a good one you've probably never seen
the Peter Johnson
adapted
Glen Gary Glen Ross
have you seen Glen Gary Glen Ross
no
there's a there's a everybody gets a monologue
in that movie but I feel like he
would want the Kevin Spacey one
the when he takes Jack
will you go to lunch
will you go to lunch will you go to
lunch
and then they cut the lemon and lemons just got this like
cookie in his hand he's like
oh wait no are you talking
are we talking about two different moments
when Kevin Spacey turns out to be the
serious badass because that one just happens
to lemon in private and you realize oh this guy's a mother
that's what I'm then it gets that because he's
saying like he likes to be the guy that you
underestimated that turns out to have all the
yeah yeah yeah
which is a cousin of mine but
like second cousin
but but the deception removes
me and then the Alec Baldwin
I'm removed from because he already
he was a doctor like the
the medical association already accepted
him
I want to be a fucking raving
I want to be John the Baptist
fuck it
fuck it Jesus Christ
no wait he didn't get angry enough John the Baptist
Jesus got angry
in a special
what if version of the story where
he cuts everyone else's head off
you know you'd be a good
like if you had to remake the film
the Ten Commandments is hilarious because
you have every great over actor in one movie
but like
Harmon you'd be good as Pharaoh
like a Joe Brenner
because you wouldn't be like so let it be
so shall it be done you were like
fucking do what I told you to do
you'd be more
you feel like God's giving you notes
how many eagle face people do I have to worship
to
for Locust not to eat my
crops
I think you'd be a good Pharaoh
yeah but he was wrong
was he? not as far as he was concerned
yeah but
you know
how about Mark Anthony
like Mark Anthony
I don't know enough about him
he was a big sexy macho guy
who fucked Cleopatra I haven't seen Wizard of Oz
you haven't seen
or Cleopatra
or read anything about Cleopatra
yeah I haven't seen the classics
I've seen 13 things on the
AFI 100
and it's because the AFI needed to
round it up to 100
so they put like Die Hard
in there
they're like this is only 73 things
I've never seen American Graffiti and people get on my
ass about that but I just I never get up in the morning
you know what today I'm gonna do I'm gonna
watch that movie about cars
just watch Dazed and Confused and
add bleach
like to the film
process? yeah no to the
no to the flavor
it's not like every
generation makes a movie about everybody's hanging out
all night this is what it was like
it was called the 10 Commandments
the original one
was like yeah listen you guys
I gotta go up to Mount Sinai I just got the
draft card
come on Moses have it
Aaron we're gonna worship a calf
come on you losers
I'm gonna smoke reefer with
Yahweh
oh everybody this is Wolfman Jack coming at you
ancient Judea
those Jews are wandering the desert trying to make their own nation
good luck to you out there
here's Buddy Holly
come on let's go space
trucking
it's just an all yeah
hanging out all night
American Graffiti days are confused
I'm acting like this is a genre
there was a thing with Robert
Wool in it called Hollywood Nights
that was in the 80s
you also have
what's friend dresser in it
I think it's like her first movie
I wanna watch that again
like Robert Wool
who these kids don't even know
is Arliss
let alone
Knox from Batman
but like Robert Wool
as the
sexy senior in high school
well the 80s you had Footloose
that's a hanging out all night movie
no no no no
you don't get it
Footloose takes place over weeks
and there's caucuses
are you saying it has to be one night
a 24 hour affair
it's like oh we're gonna go
super bad is the
newest one it's different
when it's a comedy and not like
indie movie kind of like
feel this time and place thing
I think that directors
writers turn 40
and then they go man when I was 11
and then they write those movies
and then you're like this is cool
because you're 30 and you're like
yay and then you
go into a back room and there's just
heads on the wall
living heads
and the neighbors keep complaining about the smell
how are the heads being sustained
they're just heads they're not being sustained
what they said that they're living
heads no I said I meant
I meant I'm a serial killer
to me they're living
because you they talk to me
they tell me who to kill next
everybody the exits are
two to the rear it's one
no listen the more heads I add
to the wall the more of an opinion
I get the less likely it is
I'll kill again
the less likely Sony gives you
notes on your dinosaurs
that would be an amazing serial killer
gimmick as a guy who's obsessed
with like populism
egalitarianism or something so he's like
the cops can't catch him because
he doesn't have a profile like he's only killing
white women with red hair he's like trying
to gather this like he's trying
to gather a sea of opinion
because in his mind
instead of the dog telling him to kill people
which is just has the shelf life because
dogs whatever and also you're crazy
and you're gonna get caught dogs just keep saying
kill the milkman the guy thinks that if
he if he puts enough heads on his wall
the voice will tell him like
like okay now you can stop killing
and so he keeps killing forever
and the cops can't catch
him because all serial killer
tracking is based on like these profiles
and it's like the guy is just like I don't
I'll use a gun a hacksaw I don't care
right so he's just been doing it for 40
years and maybe he has
a really highly listened to podcast
maybe
it's a true story
and maybe there's scenes where he confesses
it in full view
maybe he's always
hinting at it his love of mannequin
legs
maybe one day his wife
disappears
remember that joke about white redheaded people
yeah it seemed like a throwaway
when he first said it
all of a sudden she's gone where'd she go
yeah by the way
we haven't seen cameo in a long time
Curtis Armstrong he's been
fucking glaringly missing in action
the worst if you want to
if you want to
you just remind me
if you want to stop doing this podcast
and like
or feel that you should like
like like like like just go
to the Harmontown subreddit which by the way
don't
look
for any thread that has something to do
with cameo because I like like
I miss cameo I'm not
don't click on it like it's like oh
you miss cameo because the podcast
of shitty one of those things Jesus Christ
I miss him too
still good podcast that fucking
subreddit that fucking subreddit
I went there for a really specific
reason and then I was like
I'll click around and I saw one thread
I was like I'm not click I would look at all the headlights
I really miss cameo
I'm like okay so you really think the
podcast sucks
like I just like like
least favorite Harmontown episodes yeah
let me give that a clickity click new
and then I
saw one I was like okay before I go
there was one that just said like is this
subreddit for complaining or
liking
you said that no no it was the
the headline of the post
so I was like what is this
are you playing a beat
I was just writing something down
there was like a baseline did anyone else hear that
yeah you're having a stroke
the heads in my house
are talking to me
I clicked
on it
there is nothing
when I was
there's nothing
is someone
hates a podcast
and they want to like
like
do
green pants black man
it doesn't exist on my wall
yeah yeah yeah
yeah
hey
we don't hang out enough
you should come back to the crib tonight
he's having a real bomb I have like a million
board games
I love board games do you like
Espacho
it's a kind of soup
that no matter how it tastes you can't
get alarmed
it's designed
for poisoning
that's why Russian people
are poisoning each other so much
because their food is just like well I don't know
it's just Russian food
no if it was radiation poisoning I wouldn't be able
to taste it these fuckers do nothing
with poisoning each other and then you're like oh yeah
I get why they can't but that's why
but then there's a scene where there's a cop
and her like
younger like partner and she's like
you know it's so hard to profile all these people
keep disappearing but they're all over the country
all over the map I'm not getting any like profile
but all of the beets and potatoes
are disappearing from all the markets
right now
where does he make Espacho that's borscht I got borscht
alright never mind fucking
different movie anyways
wish you swan the worst
thing in the world
you on the Harmontown subreddit
right now is not
you saying I don't
like this I don't like that
that's not what it is
as far as my personal nightmare is concerned
and it's also
it's not anybody going
because there's always a war going on between
those people and the people going like
I think it's great it's a free podcast why don't you shut up
and then like why don't you just kiss some ass some more
the worst the problem is
the fucking war
the battlefield
because both sides
then it's just these kind of
both sides then it's just these conversations
going on the people
who are who love the podcast going
look I understand Dan's a bad person
he has a lot of flaws about himself
but he never said he was
a good person I mean health sometimes
I find myself cringing or puking after a
show there's episodes
that I've deleted from my hard drive because I never
want to accidentally hear them again
all I'm saying is I want to win an argument
with you
don't do me any favors
anymore
stop sticking up for me
in arguments between you
and someone who hates me
the fucking change hitting the floor is burning
my skin
when I was
too young to speak
my first experience with this
was my fucking brother
and my mother would do nothing but
incessantly argue about whether or not
I was special
like a fucking like just third
person you're a ghost in the room
I'm just like I'll just can I keep sucking
this
but Daniel doesn't have to do that
Daniel's special
how come he shoots his pants all the time
well look I wish he'd stop that
but
he's fucking smarter than you
I've been saying that for years
yes he is he's way smarter than you
no he's not
come on his writing he's just fucking
still sucking his thumb you think he's a good writer
I can fucking do that do it do it
right now write better than Daniel
oh oh
this is a far far better thing that's tails of two
cities you cock sucker go in the basement
and I have to
be up here with a kid that can't stop
shitting his pants that's how shitty you are
oh
fucking shit go demon
listen
just stop shitting your pants so much
and
third act problems with this
last draft
go to your room and write a
story about a guy that showers
I was when am I going to get a break
as a person that got pregnant out of high school
so anyways
should we do a bit of role playing
or no because
the last one was pretty great because
nothing happened except we
ruined another
well we actually did isn't the last one we all admitted were terrible
shadow runners and we failed the mission right
I mean something like that you were in a library
I mean yeah well you guys
went to the library to find out about invisibility
and whether or not invisibility works
which I like that
you guys will have com links on your
heads could you just access that like on your phone
you had to physically go to a library
having been to the subreddit
we could also
move forward into a world
and this has been my goal for a while
we could stop playing shadowrun
I think we've proven that we're shitting at shadowrun
and I think we need to move
into a world I'll be transparent about this
I haven't brought this up yet but I think
as far as the role play
somebody tweeted and said oh Spencer should be
promoted to vice
com trailer I was like good because we got to stop calling him
master because sometimes we don't play
but I think we should
try to figure out how to actually
move a segment
maybe into the middle and
or like we got to
get things down to like
we got to have people that are always here
because it's been too diffuse because the cast
become six people that some of them aren't like
Kumail, Curtis, Erin
they're not here like the golden age was
you know because Kumail was coming
here every week it wasn't that he was
a better person than me
he was just here all the time
but it wasn't that great
think about the days when Kumail was here
he was so funny, I know
he's hilarious, he's trucky
there was a thread in the
Harmontown subreddit about how much more
likeable Justin Roiland is than me
do I have to bring him back on the show?
yeah
for you to see
what I have to deal with
what I have to deal with?
so what
if we
are we going to stop playing Shatter One and move on to something else
and Justin Roiland is a psychopath
the fact that you don't know that
is because he's a good one
I'm a heart of my
sleeve baby
do you know
like Albert Schweitzer compared to him
anyways
thank you
I think grandma's virginity might be coming back
oh it's back baby
new episode
Dan what do you think
how do we go forward
let's pick
so
hey guys
Spencer you are
aside being newly promoted Vice Comptroller
okay
as far as I'm concerned
yeah
co-comptroller status
Vice makes it sound like
you're subordinate to my
controlling this
I'll make that call he's subordinate
I'm lower, I'm down here
I'm off the stage
I think Spencer needs to be more in this conversation
than I do
but how do you two think that this should go forward
Mayor and Vice Comptroller
I think we should just start playing like a different game
like boxing
like straight up
is that good podcast material
I mean we have a video now
boost our video
it seems like people getting punched
like drives up the
I was thinking about it's a good old fashioned
bear baiting
we'll just have an animal up on stage
you get a bear and a pen
and a bunch of rats and you bet on the rats
or the bear
I don't know we'll have to figure it out offstage
yeah
one thing I thought of is there's this game called fate
I think Adam has probably been
on our asses to play that game forever
Adam Goldberg everybody
but fate is kind of cool
and it's more narrative
and more fuck aroundy I don't know
is it fantasy based or more reality based
the one I'm thinking of is called spirit of the century
which is like pulp action
kind of you know like 20s
and fast talking detectives
and mad scientisties
and stuff like that I don't know
we only played
shadowrun for like 32 seconds
per week
and we don't really like to do
is suck a big old
dick
the people that don't pay
$5 a month to subscribe to the video
don't know that Dan didn't say that
just like
it's a personal issue but
eating those balls
yeah
I'm Dan Harmon for balls
hell yeah
just do Sam Elliott
doing a commercial for eating balls
you know all the glitters ain't gold
well there's one flavor
I've come to know and love
balls
it's what's for dinner
how is this not a regular segment of the
Sam Elliott
I won't do local spots
by Sam Elliott
there's a place in northern
Colorado where the river runs
so deep
you can stick your dick in it
I'm saying
it's the petty part of me
but
I want to get a call of Cthulhu game going
because
just to stick it up Thomas Middleditch's
ass
because he belongs to
Sam Elliott for sticking up Thomas Middleditch's
ass on it
because he's got that
so deep you can put your dick in it
what is it called of Cthulhu
it's just based on the universe of
keep it in your pants Dave Kline
keep it together
it's just
role playing based on the universe of HP Lovecraft
that's all I can say
it's a game that involves serious commitment
to the flavor of the universe
this sounds like
right up our alley
that's why I just believe all of it
it's a very tonal
a game it's all about the horror
and
the paranoia of dealing with the
ancient ones
let's the three of us talk about this
offstage
we'll come at this in a way that we can come at this
I know that if we end up playing Call of Cthulhu
it'll be because that conversation got very
uncomfortable for Spencer
to the point where he
he said look
you can do this if you want
I'm going to protest I'll still do it
because I get paid so much
Spencer doesn't get paid
would we theoretically
Dan be allowed to play that
legally because Harmon Quest
I'm actually trying to think of because
as far as the letter of the contract goes
it's medieval fantasy that we shouldn't
like
that's what we're told
but I think we could honestly a phone call
or not one and just breaking the rule
no one's going to sue us for anything
what if we got really into fantasy
British Premier League soccer
I will tell you this for sure the most important
thing to solve
is personnel
we could engineer
the game if we wanted where there was a guest player
but they would be designed to be always
pocketed but it's like we got to make sure
like people are reasonably always coming
yeah because when we first started
the very beginnings of
D&D
it was you and I doing these little
bite-sized things where you and I could remember
what you and I did it was kind of like a two-man
little thing that's what those were the golden
yeah maybe expand on that
slowly, modulally
you can't role play for 15 minutes
with six people and four of them are like
I have a purple mohawk and
I've never seen this show
what do these words mean
and I'm like well I know
everything that's going on and it was in a blackout
last time we played I think
it's something I really like I never
got to really learn much about my character
I really like designing EVE Liberteam but I never
got to do anything like it's like
not because it was anybody else's fault
I never knew what the fuck
we were doing I learned a lot about
Norway
I did research
Hordegaard was a rich tapestry
also I think
the few times Curtis played
Doctor Friend
he had no idea what was going on
so he made hard
fast decisions that were
beautifully etched in marble
that was really good but he was also like
tonally he was like look I don't
want to talk about that
I feel
Agony
he approached it like an actor
anyways speaking of actors let's
make sure that Colin
Colin have you ever done role playing games before
have you ever done like a D&D
yeah I played D&D before
like heavily or just a bit
just a little bit
wasn't really taken seriously
that's how it goes
Spencer how much have we broken your heart
over the years about
not doing you any service at all
it's not my heart so much as my spirit
you know
it's like my heart
it's great it's always
always doing fine
that thread in the subreddit that I did click on
because someone was like do we just come here to complain
I was like reading through it and going god damn
fuck these people fuck everything
and then there was a guy that said something like
well you know part of it is
because they're just arguing with each other
and I'm okay to hate on the podcast
because Dan doesn't come anywhere
Spencer's the new Dan he comes in every time
someone says something bad
and there was two people arguing
and then it was like Spencer doesn't come in
just to police people saying bad things
Spencer comes into the blah blah blah
and there was a guy that I think Spencer did this
and then there was like a Spencer comment
I was like why don't you just say you don't like me
yeah
nothing wrong with that
and it was like exactly what I was thinking
that is what I'm talking about Vice Comptroller
yeah
but it was exactly what I was
I would have typed like I was
I was just like yeah what are you taught
it's like the thing is is there some disconnect
like it's not generational
Spencer's one of these fucking clones
um like
oh Danny's right now
oh did I find out what makes you feel something
um
it's
it's like what is there something
we're not getting about the internet
that only the people that were here before
the internet understand
which is that when in doubt fall back
on what would make you a dick
if you were talking
to the person
face to face how is that
not just the
unspoken rule if somebody
on Twitter is just like
I went to Amy Schumer's
Twitter feed
because I was like she's gotta have this
so worse than anybody
like and I was like
I like her I gotta
morbidly curious like I gotta just like
look take a fucking crack
open the covenant arc and like just
uh like like and I went
to her feed and she the
latest thing she had posted was like a photo
of her on stage
it was taken from a low angle because
it was taken from somebody in the front row I think
and uh so she captioned it
uh keeping my chins up
for charity like
self deprecating first
response uh just someone
saying fat
so
she can't respond to that
she can't go hey
fuck nut
you're shooting me through a hole
that I shot
through that's why
I'm famous like
fuck you
fuck you you piece of shit
why are you trying so hard to hurt me
I've already fucking been vetted
I already know how to hurt myself
how can you do this like why are you
trying to hurt people
and and if she said that then
not only would there be a bunch of people
like lining up to go let me take a swipe
at this
Harmon you're fat I mean
Schumer you're
I'm telling a story about Amy Schumer
Amy Schumer
not only
those people aren't going to say that
the worst part of the fucking Parfait
is like people going like
like uh
if she were as dumb as me
and bothered to respond to that shit
there would be people not equating myself
with Amy Schumer by the way
I'm personalizing the story
only subconsciously
it's the people that would go
like uh Amy
I love you you need to get away from the keyboard
go fuck yourself
fuck you
why
I don't make more money
the more twitter followers I have
I'm not a senator
I didn't get elected I'm not
here because I represent
anything you can't fire me
fuck you
I'm a horrible person like you
I'm filled with venom
I bite you you will die
you will die
a thousand perma deaths
you will explode
in a green fucking explosion
you will become a monument
to not fucking with me
just as the same would never happen
at a fucking party because you wouldn't be allowed
in because you're 15
why are you fucking talking to me like this
why are you talking to strangers
like this
you need to be spanked
and I have
shit in me that needs to be
out of me
and better you than them
stop
fucking regarding people who happen to
have more of whatever number
of whatever thing you've decided to measure
success by as being so high
above you
that they are supposed to be
able to different rules and start
realizing that you're so fucking
important
that you can be Amy Schumer
and you should be polite to her
as polite as you would be to her
if you were an actual fucking friend
because you know you would do nothing
but kiss her ass
you would never you would listen to her
fucking self deprecating fat jokes and go like
sweetie you're not fat
I think you're wonderful
I don't care
let's go get some cake
you would never go fat
I hate
the world
I hate it
but anyways Colin
did you
cliffhanger
thank you for coming to have a town everybody
Colin Buckingham everybody
thank you brother
if you're writing something
and it gets produced
tell the casting director
and the studio and the network
and you achieve it
is this
height control we need standard
actual language we need to keep
progressing dimores brown everybody
dimores don't cast him
don't cast dimores
don't cast surprise
I can't do this
what?
then I'm going to seduce
is there any way I would invite
Tyrasadan
it's a great show
on the cologne
It's a good show!